FRASER: What is this place,
why'd you bring me here?
(SIGHS) Why not?
It's beautiful.
I mean, it's kind of unusual
for a first date--
I mean for a first whatever.
First whatever.
MAGGIE: Doesn't seem
like the best idea
that he goes out all alone,
with a guy who's also
in your chain of command.
SARAH: Just didn't
occur to me to tell you.
Plus you haven't been
around the house much.
SERGEANT: A-ten-hut!
Present-hut!
SARAH: You still want
to be a soldier?
Uh, maybe.
SARAH: And did your father know
when you say "soldier,"
you mean "male soldier?"
To this day
we're spending together.
Woo! There she is!
-Hi. Nice to meet you.
-Fraser, meet my friend, Martha.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
Yes?
Where?
How many?
-(television news chatter)
-(industrial noise)
(truck backing up)
(workers chattering)
(metal creaking)
-(dog barking)
-(chatter continues)
(television continues)
(tower buzzing)
-(phone ringing)
-(office chatter)
(typing)
-(door opens)
-Sarah: At ease.
Good evening, Colonel.
Major Kritchevsky.
(overlapping chatter continues)
Woman 1:
Ma'am, it was
a powerful explosion
caused by an IED.
-It's still under investigation.
-Woman 2: We need the flags now.
-So wake 'em up.
-(phones ringing)
Man:
Pull up their personal records.
I want the exact position
of their convoy now.
Bowman:
Helicopter with the soldiers
who survived the blast
is headed for Herat.
-None of them are
seriously injured.
-Man: Position of the convoy!
-Ex O.
-Bowman: I'm still waiting
on a reply, sir.
(chatter continues)
Go to my house and ask my
wife for my dress uniform.
(door opens)
(door shuts)
(chatter continues)
Okay, let's proceed.
-(door unlocks)
-(insects chirping)
Jonathan.
What happened?
I apologize for waking you
but I need Sarah's uniform.
Come in.
I'll get it right away.
(door opens)
(clothes hangers rattling)
(groans)
What are you doing here?
Go back to sleep.
(sighs) Why'd you have to
drive down that road...
-(office chatter)
-(phones ringing)
Can't we have more information?
(office chatter continues)
-(sighs)
-(door opens)
(door shuts)
We're all
soldiers here.
(chatter continues)
(typing)
(beeping)
(chatter continues)
(continues typing)
(phone ringing)
(chatter continues)
Do you wish to pray
together first, ma'am?
We'll pray later.
Soldier:
Salute! And down.
-Boy 1: Why is
everybody running?
-Boy 2: I don't know.
Girl:
Thought you're not
supposed to run.
Jonathan's just ridiculous
here, isn't he?
You know, it made me
laugh the first time
you showed it to me,
but not that much.
Yeah, he's not
at his best here.
(class chatter)
-Teacher: Yes, but it
still looks unfinished.
-My god, I've been making
these fucking centerpieces
for 10 years.
Ten years of
sheer ugliness.
It's Thanksgiving.
"My thanksgiving
is perpetual."
-The fuck is that
supposed to mean?
-It's Thoreau!
And you would know that
if you studied more,
and you weren't
hunting birds in the swamps.
You could do a better job.
Caitlin:
You know, later I'm gonna
see Dr. Harris with your mom.
Girl:
My felt ran out of ink.
(banging marker)
-You sure you still wanna go?
-Mm-hmm.
What if your
father finds out?
He grounded you for
a month over a haircut.
My dad won't find out.
Well, you'll get
a weird voice.
-(deep voice): Hey, Dad,
lemme borrow your shaving cream.
-(laughs)
Your mom said it's just
a medical consultation.
Yeah, but my mom has
nothing to do with us.
Only we have anything
to do with us.
-And the hormones
will give you cancer.
-Man: Good morning, ma'am.
Teacher: Good morning.
-(chairs sliding)
-(phone buzzing)
-Girl: Why are they here?
-Fuck.
-What a pain.
-What? What is it?
-It's Sam. He's been
calling me all morning.
-(giggles)
-That boy is so tenacious.
-(murmuring)
Kinda feel sorry for him.
-Female Soldier: We have to stay
strong in front of the kids.
-Okay.
You can do it.
-Girl 1: What's going on?
-Teacher: Just a minute.
Girl 2:
What do you think went wrong?
Girl 3:
What happened?
What did they say?
-(door opens)
-(hall chatter)
-(door shuts)
-Fraser: Did you
ever look at this?
-Girl 4: Did you
hear what they said?
-Girl 5: Not really.
We have to go to the gym,
students.
The principal has
an announcement to make.
-(students chattering)
-(chairs scraping)
(chatter continues)
Principal:
Come on in, my friends,
and have a seat, please.
Gather round me.
Come on in and have a seat.
Come on in, my friends.
Have a seat. Gather around me.
(chatter dies down)
As you know,
we recently deployed
a group of soldiers
to Afghanistan.
And three of our soldiers
were killed last night.
Among them...
among them was the brother
of one of your classmates.
(murmuring)
Listen. Class is canceled
for the rest of the day.
You'll be separated into
groups to talk about
your feelings with your teachers
and with the grief counselors
who are here with me.
But first, I'd like
you to join with me
in a brief moment of prayer.
-(door opens)
-(running footsteps)
(heavy breathing)
(murmuring)
♪
(dog barking)
(phones ringing)
(wind blowing)
(birds cawing)
(toddler babbling)
(chatter on television)
(hissing)
(Britney crying)
-(murmuring)
-(heavy breathing)
♪
(crying continues)
(creaking, snap)
(murmuring)
(phone buzzing)
(Britney crying)
(gasps)
(phone buzzing)
(Britney crying)
(sobbing)
(crying continues)
(flags flapping)
(birds cawing)
Our convoy struck a roadside
bomb while evacuating
citizens towards
Shindand.
The robot failed
to detect the IED,
and the engineers failed
to clear the road.
That's all the
information we have.
The investigation is underway.
Our soldiers were
trained and ready.
No amount of training
could've prevented this.
We're gonna hold a proper
memorial for these soldiers.
That's all for now.
Thank you.
-(phones ringing)
-(indistinct chatter)
(dialing)
-(door shuts)
-(muffled chatter)
-(base chatter)
-(truck rumbling)
Teacher:
Anyone up for it?
(sighs)
They're right to torture those
guys when they catch them.
W-what are you talking about?
Oh, she's right.
So you're saying
we should torture anyone
-who disagrees with our country?
-Girl: They blew up our solders!
They burned them alive.
We invaded their country!
(sighs) You know,
sometimes the bodies
are-are so charred
and mutilated that it's
impossible to identify them.
And, um...
so, they just put
the body parts...
in these body bags randomly,
and if they don't
have enough remains,
they fill the body bags
with rocks.
So,
soldier's coffins are
just full of rocks.
(crying)
(zipping)
(crying continues)
-(cafeteria chatter)
-(slurping)
You don't want it?
Why would you say that?
Say what?
About the bodies
in the bag.
-It's the truth.
-(chatter continues)
(slurping)
So is everything
gonna change now?
(throws out food)
He was a soldier!
He was a soldier.
Ah!
Wow.
♪ I AM THE WAY ♪
(indistinct chatter)
♪ I WILL BE FREE ♪
(neighbors chattering)
♪ I AM THE WAY ♪
♪ I WILL BE FREE ♪
♪ IT DOESN'T MATTER ♪
♪ WHERE I PUT MY HEAD TO BED ♪
♪ I AM HERE ♪
♪ I AM FREE ♪
(revving scooter)
(paper crinkling)
-(whistle blowing)
-(base chatter)
-(whistle continues)
-(sighs)
(decorations crinkling)
(paper crinkling)
(tape ripping)
(ladder clicking)
(indistinct chatter)
No.
No, you mean I can't
touch your hands here?
No.
Not today.
Today, I can't
touch your hands.
He ate at my house
a million times.
He loved the way I cooked.
He'd say,
"Can I have seconds,
Mrs. Jenny?
(laughs) That's delicious,
Mrs. Jenny."
(voice breaking):
I can't stop
thinking about him.
He was Danny's best friend.
(sniffles)
More than a friend.
Danny... (sniffles)
Jennifer:
Danny...
We got distracted
from these kids!
We should never let
ourselves get distracted!
We should n--
Never take our eyes
off them, never!
You do things,
there are consequences!
What you're saying
makes no sense.
Craig was in
Afghanistan.
(rips decoration)
Jennifer:
No.
What you're saying
makes no sense.
If someone hadn't
have been distracted,
then he wouldn't have been
there in the first place!
A-and Danny,
if-if I had been
paying closer attention,
then things...
(sighs)
Was it me who
distracted you?
(gasping)
It doesn't matter!
I'm a mother!
I have certain responsibilities!
I've never seen you fall short
of your responsibilities.
If you had children,
you would understand!
(sighs)
Maggie...
I didn't mean...
(ragged breath)
We never really thought
this would last, did we?
But I hope that you,
at least,
for a moment hoped...
the way I did.
Oh, Jenny.
(sniffling)
(gasping)
(wind blowing)
(waves washing ashore)
♪
(seagulls cawing)
(waves washing ashore)
(grunts)
(sighs)
-(shuts lid)
-(flushes toilet)
♪
(metallic bang)
(bang)
-(bang)
-(grunts)
-(panting)
-Britney: Stop it.
What?
No, what's that you
just said, Brit?
-(bang)
-(grunts)
I can't hear you.
(bang)
-(bang)
-(grunts)
(banging)
Man, fuck this shit.
-Britney: Sam.
-(banging)
♪
(banging faster)
(banging)
-(banging)
-Danny: I can't hear you!
-I can't hear you!
-(sniffles)
-(banging)
-I can't hear you!
-(grunting)
Ah! Ah!
(panting)
(bang)
-(banging)
-Fuck! Fuck!
(grunting)
Fuck!
(quiet murmuring)
(indistinct chatter)
(patting on back)
Here you go.
(chatter continues)
Ladies and gentlemen,
please rise
for the base commander
and remain standing
for the national anthem.
(people standing)
("Star Spangled Banner" playing)
(anthem continues)
(soft crying)
(anthem finishes)
Please take your seats.
(murmuring)
(chatter stops)
We dream of peace.
We all do.
We dream of being able to sleep
soundly in our beds at night.
But there are those who have to
pay a price for our tranquility.
And who else,
if not our men and women.
Well we know who pays
for her tranquility...
Sarah:
Staff Sergeant
Alvaro Sanchez.
Drew Sollont.
Corporal Craig Pratchett.
They paid
the ultimate sacrifice.
Alvaro, Drew...
Craig.
We'll never forget these names.
To me, they were heroes.
Because every soldier
who serves his country
-in combat is one.
-Oh, come on.
She doesn't know
what a hero is.
-(shushing)
-Sarah: So we thank you.
-Richard: They never
got a chance--
-Thank you, Alvaro.
Drew...
Thank you, Craig.
We thank your loved ones.
Your sacrifice
will not be in vain.
Please rise.
("Taps" playing)
(sniffing)
(hums)
("Taps" continues)
("Taps" ends)
(murmuring)
(inaudible)
(chatter continues)
-Come on, let's go.
-But why?
-Come on. Let's just go.
-Sarah: Excuse me. Cate!
(chatter continues)
I'm sorry.
I didn't forget, okay?
("Let 'Em In" by Wings playing)
Ma'am!
(slurred):
Don't we have any
music we can dance to?
-Hey!
-(clap)
Let's do a little dancing here!
-Man 1: Richard. Come on, man.
-Ma'am!
Alvaro was a jive dancer.
I trained him.
-Not all that well,
as you know.
-(murmuring)
♪ SOMEBODY'S RINGING THE BELL ♪
Man 2: Stevens, Rodriguez,
why don't you take--
why don't you take him home?
But you made a decision.
♪ DO ME A FAVOR ♪
♪ OPEN THE DOOR ♪
♪ LET 'EM IN ♪
Right?
Right?!
♪ SOMEONE'S KNOCKING
AT THE DOOR ♪
♪ SOMEBODY'S RINGING THE BELL ♪
Music! Music!
-Hey, listen, man-- Whoa! Whoa!
-Man 3: Hey, hey!
-Calm down.
Calm down, right now.
-Come on!
-They were kids!
-Come on.
-Let's dance for the kids!
-Whoa!
-What?!
-Hey, calm down!
-Richard: What?! Huh?
-Man 1: Hey, come on, man! Hey.
-Huh?
-Stop! Calm down.
Man 1:
Let's go outside,
get some fresh air, alright?
-Easy. Hey, Rich! Come on, now!
-Richard: Get the fuck off me!
Man 1:
Hey!
Rich, don't do this, man.
Don't do this.
Sleep peacefully at night.
Peacefully... at night.
(crying)
♪ SISTER SUZY ♪
-(sobbing)
-♪ BROTHER JOHN ♪
♪ MARTIN LUTHER ♪
♪ PHIL AND DON ♪
-(continues sobbing)
-♪ BROTHER MICHAEL ♪
♪ AUNTIE GIN ♪
♪ OPEN THE DOOR ♪
♪ LET 'EM IN ♪
Wait-wait-wait,
where are we going?
Hold on!
Come on, let's catch up
with the others.
Why? What do they
have to do with us?
-Caitlin: Hey!
-(wind blowing)
(Fraser growls)
-Hey! We're coming with you!
-(flags rattling)
♪
-Danny: Go on home, Cate!
-Sam: Not him.
Why not?
It was his mother
who got Craig killed.
Caitlin:
Sam, you know that's not true!
He's not coming with us!
He was never one of us!
Come on!
Fraser: Go.
-Fraser, I can't--
-No, no, no. It's okay.
Sam's right. Go.
♪ LET 'EM IN ♪
(flags rattling)
(sighs)
♪ SOMEONE'S KNOCKING
AT THE DOOR ♪
♪ SOMEBODY'S RINGING THE BELL ♪
♪ SOMEONE'S KNOCKING
AT THE DOOR ♪
♪ SOMEBODY'S RINGING THE BELL ♪
♪ DO ME A FAVOR ♪
♪ OPEN THE DOOR ♪
♪ AND LET 'EM IN ♪
♪ OOH, YEAH, YEAH,
LET THEM IN ♪
(indistinct chatter)
Colonel.
(sighs)
Is it true what
Poythress said?
What?
Did you take their
90 days away?
Well, the men were ready.
That wasn't your call, Sarah.
Have you been watching
the news, Martin?
The people want a leader
who can make tough decisions.
♪
(bang)
(wind blowing)
(sighs)
(doors shutting)
Danny:
Enrico!
(thunder rumbling)
Caitlin:
Come on.
Britney:
I don't like this place.
Caitlin:
We gotta stick together.
Come on.
♪
(wind blowing)
(gate buzzing)
(squeaks, slams)
(thunder rumbling)
(Enrico speaking Italian)
-(grunting)
-(rattling)
(wind blowing)
(door shuts)
(thunder rumbling)
♪
(rain falling)
(thud)
(thunder rumbling)
(sniffling)
-(light clicks)
-(thunder)
(thunder)
(uncaps bottle)
(speaking Italian)
-(rain continues)
-(wind blowing)
No.
(Enrico speaking Italian)
-I do.
-You got any K?
Enrico:
Just a little.
(thunder cracking)
Sam, no.
(thunder continues)
You want some?
(snorts)
(sighs)
(thunder continues)
When I, uh,
-meet you guys and...
-(snorts)
Craig with Valentina...
I was super happy.
I...
I-I think
that with you,
I-I get out of this...
-Valentina: Shithole town.
-Yeah. (chuckles) Shithole.
But, uh...
now, I see that...
there is nothing.
Nothing.
(thunder rumbling)
(sighs)
(rain continues)
(wind blowing)
(birds cawing)
-(thunder rumbling)
-(metal rattling)
(rattling continues)
(thunder)
(glass squeaking)
("Take A Step Back" by
Ski Mask the Slump God playing)
♪ FUCKED UP ♪
♪ FUCKED UP,
FUCKED UP, FUCKED UP ♪
♪ FUCKED UP, FUCKED UP ♪
♪ FUCKED UP, YEAH! ♪
♪ YOU DONE FUCKED UP, YEAH ♪
♪ YOU DONE FUCKED UP,
YEAH ♪
EVERYONE GET ON THE GROUND ♪
♪ YOU DONE FUCKED, YEAH! ♪
♪ FUCKED UP, FUCKED UP, YEAH! ♪
♪ FUCKED UP, HUH? ♪
♪ YEAH, FUCKED UP,
FUCKED UP, YEAH! ♪
♪ YOU DONE FUCKED UP, BITCH ♪
♪ YOU DONE FUCKED UP ♪
♪ YOU DONE FUCKED UP,
YOU DONE FUCKED UP ♪
♪ GEORGE W. BUSH RIGHT
ON HER PUSSY, YEAH ♪
(crying)
♪ YEAH, HIT MY LINE
FOR THE NIGGA DICK ♪
♪ CHECK MY TWITTER, YEAH ♪
(sobbing)
♪ THAT'S MY HANDLE,
YEAH, OH, OH, OH ♪
♪ SHE GRAB ON MY
DICK LIKE A HANDLE ♪
♪ LIL BITCH,
I GOT ON JESUS' SANDALS ♪
♪ X IS AN ANIMAL, MAMMAL, HEY ♪
♪ LIL BITCH GOT
THE BACK OF A CAMEL ♪
♪ PUSSY BOY,
YOU LOOK LIKE A RANDALL ♪
-(rain falling)
-(crying)
♪ AND IF YOU THROWING, THROUGH
THE PUSSY THROW A TANTRUM ♪
-(crying)
-(thunder continues)
♪ FUCKED UP,
FUCKED UP, WHO, HEY ♪
♪ FUCKED UP, FUCKED UP ♪
♪ FUCKED UP YOU, HEY ♪
♪ PUSSY NIGGA KNOW
HE DONE FUCKED UP ♪
(music gets farther away)
(thunder rumbling)
No. No, no, no. Valentina!
-Valentina, Valentina,
Valentina! No, no, no...
-(Valentina speaking Italian)
What? What?
(music continues, faint)
(thunder rumbling)
(Danny speaking Italian)
(speaking)
-(thunder)
-Well...
Now, I guess we all
belong to that asshole.
I don't know.
(thunder)
(music continues)
♪ SAUCE LIKE A SIX-PIECE SAUCE ♪
♪ FREEDOM, FUCK THE COPS,
FREE KEKE ♪
♪ WRECK A PUSSY NIGGA,
COME SEE ME, UH ♪
♪ MAKE HIM SAY
GOODBYE LIKE A OUIJA ♪
(music continues)
(thunder)
(crying)
-(boats rattling)
-(water lapping)
(bike clicking)
(rain falling)
Hi. Do you know where I can
find Jonathan Kritchevsky?
-Uh, apartment nine.
-Okay, thank you.
-Woman: Mm-hmm.
-Fraser: Apartment nine.
(indistinct chatter)
(knocking)
(door unlocks)
-Fraser?
-Hey.
Uh, uh...
I finished
"The Kindly Ones."
Uh, I thought
you should know.
-(soft jazzy music playing)
-Um, Max "Our."
-(chuckles) Aue.
-Aue. Um, but yeah.
I thought you should know.
I really thought
you should know.
I like it a lot.
I think I like it. Uh...
I don't know if I like
the fact that I like it,
but... but okay, I like it.
-(giggles)
-Jonathan: Okay.
Marta:
Jay, who is it?
Fraser.
It's Fraser. Don't be rude,
invite him in.
Come. Come here, sweetie.
-You want something to drink?
-No.
Uh, yeah. Uh, water.
-Water?
-(giggles)
You drink water?
(Fraser giggles)
(music continues)
(glass clinking)
(running water)
(water stops)
Come in.
Marta:
Here's the water.
-Fraser: Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Marta:
You're out there all alone?
He seems lost.
Jonathan:
He always seems lost.
Isn't that true?
It's been a strange day.
Jonathan is so sad.
("House of Cards"
by Radiohead playing
on stereo)
♪
(Marta giggles)
(turns up music)
I know you're
a great dancer.
♪ I DON'T WANT
TO BE YOUR FRIEND ♪
♪ I JUST WANT TO BE
YOUR LOVER ♪
♪ NO MATTER HOW IT ENDS ♪
♪ NO MATTER HOW IT STARTS ♪
♪ FORGET ABOUT
YOUR HOUSE OF CARDS ♪
♪ AND I'LL DO MINE ♪
(Marta giggling)
♪ FORGET ABOUT
YOUR HOUSE OF CARDS ♪
♪ AND I'LL DO MINE ♪
(sighs)
♪ FALL OFF THE TABLE ♪
♪ GET SWEPT UNDER ♪
(sighs)
(kissing)
(giggling)
♪ DENIAL ♪
(unzipping)
♪ THE INFRASTRUCTURE
WILL COLLAPSE ♪
♪ FROM VOLTAGE SPIKES ♪
♪ THROW YOUR KEYS IN THE BOWL ♪
(Jonathan shushing)
♪ KISS YOUR HUSBAND GOODNIGHT ♪
(opens door)
(heavy breathing)
-(gasps)
-(muffled music continues)
(people approaching)
-(rain falling)
-(dog barking)
(door shuts)
(banging)
(dog barking)
(kicks bike stand)
(rain falling)
(doors shut)
(indistinct chatter)
-Man: No, it's alright.
I got him.
-Jennifer: You'll get all wet.
-I'm so, so sorry.
-Man: There we go.
-Jennifer: I don't know
what got into him.
-Let's get him inside.
He's never like that.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
-Man: Oh no, please.
-Jennifer: I'm so, so sorry.
-Man: I understand.
-Jennifer: I've got
the keys here. Hang on.
Man:
I got him.
Where do you want me to put him?
-Jennifer: On the sofa.
-Man: Okay.
-Wouldn't the bed be
a little bit better?
-(dog barking)
Jennifer:
The sofa will be fine.
Man:
O-okay. Let me.
I'll get him down.
Hang on, hang on. I got him.
Okay, sir. There you go.
There you go.
-(exhales)
-Jennifer: Thanks.
You should try to get a couple
of aspirin in him, okay?
-Jennifer: Mm-hmm.
-Man: Alright.
Have a good night.
-Richard: Where's Cate?
-Sh-sh-shh...
Don't worry about that now.
I'll never stop
loving you, Jenny.
Sleep.
(puts down keys)
(sighs)
(thunder rumbling)
(raining)
(rain falling)
(thunder rumbling)
(throws keys, shuts door)
(heavy breathing)
(growls)
(coat hangers rattle)
(panting)
(opens, shuts cabinet)
(opens cabinet)
(freezer humming)
(rain falling)
(rattling)
(thunder rumbling)
(rattles cabinet)
(opening, closing box)
(grabs bottle, opens)
(panting)
(gasps)
(sighs)
(panting)
(picks up, throws pebbles)
-(grunting)
-(freezer humming)
(drinking)
(thunder continues)
(sighs)
(rattling bottle)
(bottle sliding, rolling)
(continues rolling)
(thunder rumbling)
-(grunts)
-(freezer humming)
(sighs)
(door opens)
-(slams door)
-Sarah: Sweetheart?
-Sweetheart?
-(groaning)
(kissing)
You sent people to
their deaths, Colonel.
(Sarah sighs)
-Maggie: Sarah.
-No. What about my dad?
Did you send him?
Did you send my Dad to death?
-Fraser...
-Why don't you ever tell
me anything about him?
(slurred):
Maggie, why don't you
ever tell me anything?
Did you ever meet him?
There's not a lot to tell
and I don't want you
to get attached
-to a ghost, okay?
-(groans)
(groaning)
I only saw him once.
He was working
on an airplane.
-He was a pilot?!
-(bang)
-(chair thuds)
-Maggie: As a mechanic.
(groans)
(kiss)
(sighs)
-(thunder rumbling)
-(muffled music)
-Sam: Did you fuck him?
-Caitlin: Who?
Fraser.
Craig used to say you guys
were, like, soul mates.
(thunder rumbling)
(muffled music)
Sam:
I can't love anyone else.
(Britney sighs)
(footsteps receding)
-(rain falling)
-(indistinct rap music)
(thunder cracking)
(sighs)
Oh...
(giggling)
(heavy breathing)
-(rap music continues)
-Danny: Where are you?!
-(banging)
-(grunting)
You in there?! (grunting)
Or here?! (grunting)
What about here?!
♪
-(screaming)
-(banging)
(banging)
-Danny: I'm gonna kill you, man!
-(grunting)
-I'm gonna fucking kill you!
-(screaming)
Enrico:
Brit! Brit!
(grunting)
-(screaming)
-(glass shatters)
Danny:
We were gonna
fucking die together!
-(grunting, screaming)
-What are you doing?!
-(panting)
-Danny, stop!
-Stop, Danny! Stop, Danny!
-Caitlin: Danny, please stop!
-Danny, what are
you doing? Stop!
-(smashing)
-Danny, please!
-Ah!
Caitlin:
Danny, stop! Danny!
Danny:
Everybody get up! Craig has
turned into a giant spider.
He's-he's right
next to you, Vale!
(Enrico speaking Italian)
Sam: Danny, Danny!
-Relax. Relax, relax.
-Caitlin: It's okay, Danny.
It's okay.
-Danny: No, get off of me!
-Caitlin: It's okay, Danny--
(Danny screaming)
Danny, stop, please!
Danny, please!
(continues screaming)
Danny:
Is he dead?!
-Is he dead?!
-(shushing)
He's dead. He's dead,
babe, he's dead.
He's dead.
(drops bottle)
Did I kill him?
-It's okay,
Danny, it's okay.
-(Danny crying)
♪
(crying)
(rain falling)
(phone buzzing)
(buzzing, rain continue)
(sighs)
(buzzing stops)
Uh... hello?
Where are you?
Cate, where are you?
Okay, Cate, stay there.
Stay there.
I'll be right there.
Be right there.
(bed creaking)
(car approaching)
(door opens)
-(door opens)
-Maggie: Cate!
We're here.
How are you feeling?
-Danny!
-Sarah: You okay?
What'd he take? What'd he take?
-Maggie: Look at me.
-Sarah: Get in the car.
-(Danny groaning)
-Okay, get on your feet, Danny.
-Maggie: That's it. One step.
Come on, come on. You got it.
-Sarah: Come on.
♪
Sarah:
Okay, one step, okay? Good.
(tires squeak)
(radio chatter)
-Everything alright, madam?
-Sarah: Yep.
-Thanks. Have a good night.
-Guard: You, too.
(radio chatter)
-(door opens)
-(rain falling)
-Get inside!
-Sarah: Go home.
-Fraser: Move!
-(bangs on window, door opens)
-(starts engine)
-Thank you.
-Sarah: Hope your husband's
feeling better.
-(car drives away)
I'm sorry about the things
he said earlier this evening.
He just lost control.
Richard really
loved those troops.
Well, I hope you'll get a chance
to spend some time together.
In moments like these, we need
to strengthen our families.
(rain falling)
Good night, Jennifer.
(door shuts)
(slides door)
(shuts door)
I want it over
between the two of you.
It's already over.
Thanks.
(light clicks)
(shuts door)
(sighs)
(rain falling)
What if we get
a nice place in town?
Like one of those
baroque palazzos?
You miss your
fancy childhood?
I miss having you
all for myself.
You can't leave
the Commander's house.
Richard is the one
who has to go.
He showed his ass tonight.
Everyone knows
he's black-marketing fuel.
He started that fight in town,
and his daughter is
no good for Fraser.
Remember my friend
Doug from Yale?
(thunder rumbling)
He's in charge of
assignments now.
Call him.
(thunder rumbling)
It wasn't like
the other times, was it?
It was nothing.
Come here.
(rain falling)
(thunder rumbling)
(dog whining)
(quiet snoring)
♪
(Fraser breathing)
(shuts door)
♪
(light clicks)
(sighs)
♪
(blowing nose)
(pouring)
♪
ALLAHU AKBAR.
(reciting Arabic prayer)
♪
(continues in Arabic)
ALLAHU AKBAR.
♪
-(rain falling)
-ALLAHU AKBAR.
(continues in Arabic)
(prayer fading)
♪
(rain fades out)
(CROWD CHEERS)
-♪ (NOTE REPEATS) ♪
-(PHONE VIBRATES)
♪ (MUSIC INTENSIFIES) ♪
♪ (MUSIC SUBSIDES) ♪
CAITLIN: You like me like this?
FRASER: Are you still you?
♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪